Fixes for GTShapley and scorers (#264)
appliedAI-Initiative/pyDVL: docs/30-data-valuation.rst

   but we don't advocate its use because of the speed and memory cost. Despite
   our best efforts, the number of samples required in practice for convergence
   can be several orders of magnitude worse than with e.g. Truncated Monte Carlo.
   Additionally, the CSP can sometimes turn out to be infeasible.

Usage follows the same pattern as every other Shapley method, but with the
addition of an ``epsilon`` parameter required for the solution of the CSP. It

> shouldbe the same value used to compute the minimum number of samples required.

Author: Damn... typo. Will fix somewhere else

Reviewer: You don't want to fix it here?

```suggestion
should be the same value used to compute the minimum number of samples required.
```
